The code present within this project belogns to various online sources in regards to certain
classes, methods, and most the html formatting in combination with various modifcations 
meant to make the project adhere to the requirements of the assignment.

1. Real Python's article "Discover Flask, Part 2 – Creating a Login Page"
(https://realpython.com/introduction-to-flask-part-2-creating-a-login-page/)
The log_in method was created by Real Python, and was modifed slightly for the inclusion of the url 
redircet towards the gate_way webpage I included as a way for users to pick which feed they wanted to see.
Everything outside of that line was a product of their work. The code from the login page also belogns to 
Real Python  with the only changes on my end being the text that is at the top of the page and the etx on 
the button. The gateway page is a modifed version of Real Python's login page that has two simplifed buttons
in the palce of a password box with a request form.

2. Miguel Grinberg's article" Video Streaming with Flask"
(https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/video-streaming-with-flask) &
log0's blog post "Python Live Video Streaming Example"
(http://www.chioka.in/python-live-video-streaming-example/)
Miguel Grinberg created the example code which includes the gen and video_feed methods. The later
I utilized and changed into the static_feed and live_feed methods. For the gen method I 
utilized log0's modifed version of it as opposed to the original. The Video Camera class and all of 
its methods were the product of log0's work. The only change I made regarding this section of code was 
the removal of the Video Capture method call that would acess my system's camera, and the creation of 
a VideoCmaera2 child class that was dedicated to the camrea feed.

3.Pyshine's article "How to deploy Python video processing application on the server"
The static_feed and live_feed files in th eproject are simply renamed versions of the 
results.html file that can be found in this article. The code within those files are the 
product of the work found within the article.



